Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
And he was
Huo YuanJia
"1910. Shanghai"
"Theater Biarya. France"
Our four competitors today are from the
Shanghai Foreign Business Associate
And they will be challenging Huo Yuan Jia
from the Jing Wu School
The rules of this competition
The outcome
is to be determined
by the losers
knockout or surrender
"Boxing King from England.
Peter Smith"
Start now!
"Royal Rider headcoach. Hans"
Good
Good job. master
"Sword fighting champion. Anthony"
And for our final round now
A brilliant fighter from Japan
Tian Zhong Ah Ye
Will be fighting Huo Yuan Jia
from the Jing Wu School
"30 years ago. Tientsin
Household of the Huo family"
Master
Come on. go now
Stop!
How dare you
Who let you in here?
I came to bring you some tea. dad
How many times I told you
never to come in here.
Go back and study now
Resume
Shit. I gotta write for you
all the time
Once your dad know about this
You will be beat up
Nobody will know if we keep
this secret well
Hey. I want to show you something
Let's go
Hurry. Nong JingSun
I'm coming
Why are they fighting again?
They're beating the drums again
Let's go
Today. Huo En from family Huo
And Zhao Zhong Qiang
from family Zhao
On this stage. will decide
who is superior
Good!
What the hell are you two doing?
Seeking death?
Your dad is going to lose
for sure today
Your dad's going to get
a serve of the Huo fist
You just watch
The Life and Death agreement
has been signed
Victory or defeat
is decided amongst men
Life and death
is decided by God
Masters.
Begin the competition!
Zhao Jian. does your dad understand
the strength of our Huo's fist now?
And today winner is...
Zhao ZhongQiang
Thank you.
thank you so much!
YuanJia. YuanJia
After you
Lets go. YuanJia
YuanJia...
Let's go back with me. YuanJia...
Weren't you feel brave just now?
And what now?
Don't just cower there like rat
Come on. get up!
ZhaoJian. you better not force me!
Shut your mouth
You're just an idiot
Along with your family too
Come on fight with me now
if you're brave
I want to show you the power
of our Zhao fist
On stage now!
Stop. YuanJia!
Come on. stop now!
Yeah! You're won!
Now that you've had a taste of
the power of our Zhuo fist
Don't ever mention your whatever
Huo fists to me again
I'm the winner!
YuanJia...
Come on up. YuanJia
Let's go now
I swear
Huo YuanJia won't be beaten down
by any other person here again
Master. you...
Let me apply some medicine for you
LaiFook
You go out first
Yes
What happened? Angry?
Mum. why wont dad let me
learn WuShu?
This is because he love you
You were born with asthma
...and you're weak
so you cant tolerate the training
Isn't learning WuShu able
to strengthen the body?
And your desire to learn WuShu
Is purely to strengthen your body?
No. I want to revenge
I want Zhao Jian to
know the power of the Huo family
Child. the most powerful aspect
of WuShu
Is not to defeat others
But to control your own arrogance
No matter what.
Virtue and morality must not be lost
Learning WuShu is to strengthen
the body. to help the others
Not for you to go out causing trouble
And definitely not for revenge
Emm
The way to interact
between man
Is that you have to learn to respect others
Then others will respect you in return
Of those that practive WuShu
Who dares not to respect them!
People fearing you and repecting you
Are two completely different things
Come on. let's finish it
all right?
Otherwise. you'll be hit by
your dad again
All right
"Death fist"
I'm the winner!
Come on. fly. fly now!
Oh. oh
Fall down now
fall down now
I won't fall down. I won't fall down
Then I'll hit you down...
I won't fall down
Come on. again
come on!
I won't fall down
Just move faster!
Oh
Be careful
Good morning. Mom
Yuen Jia. you forgot
to take your medicine again this morning
Ever since I trained at West Lake
My asthma hasn't relapsed
Wait for me. master
Just look at your child
Without a mother since an early age.
you have doted on her too much
You should marry again
So that someone can help you
take good care of her
I had been busy about
building up our family name
I want everyone here in Tientsin
to know and repect our power
How will I have the time to remarry?
You can't get me. I want to
go out with you. dad
Even though you have never been
defeated this year
But the biggest opponent
is yourself
And what you really must conquer
Is also yourself.
I understand.
"Issue of Challenge"
Master...
All right
You have a good rest first. Mom
Dad
Your fist was not fast enough nor firm
But don't you worry
With me here
The Huo's family name
wont be defeated again
"Live and death agreement"
I definintely will become No 1 in Tientsin
Dad
My little Chui
For me?
No. I don't want
- Give me. come on
No. I wont
Then. what can I do
for you to give it to me?
I will give you
after you win
Really?
- Emm
Promise
"1900. Tientsin"
We're counting on you. Master Huo
Master Huo
When will you become No 1 in Tientsin?
I don't know
and what do you think?
Just today! Today!
Master Huo...
Hey. ZhaoJian
Where have you been
hiding all these years?
I've travelled JiangNan's
17 provinces. 38 prefectures (?)
And have trained
a body of good kung fu
I'm invincibile now
Bullshit
You're the one who bullshitting
Life and death statement
has already been signed
Competition begin now!
Come on
Come up
Hahahaha. What?
Afraid?
Come up.
Come up and fall to your death
You just wait
Well done. master
I have trained my stance to be immovable
like roots in the ground
Today. I will defeat your Huo fist
Well. I'll give you a chance
...To lose!
Well done!
Pussy claw?
- Tiger Claw!!
Down you go
Well done. master!
Just because you said go down
doesn't mean I will ...
Pussy claw.
- Its Tiger Claw!!!!
You're lose!
Be careful
Master...!
Master!
You all right?
- I'm fine
What a tough guy
Don't touch me
And our winner is...
Huo YuanJia!
Well done.
good job. master
Well. you're welcome
You're welcome...
Congratulations. this way
Good Job. Master Huo
- Thank you
We reserved a table for you upstairs
Master Huo
All right...
YuanJia!
JingSun
Why so late?
Old place. come on
Congratulations. Master Huo!
Hello. everybody
Come on. now
JingSun
Your GuYue resturant is becoming
more and more popular
This is all because my friend's support
Still remember when we were kids?
You were just look like a bookworm
I never expect you're well done
in doing business!
The economy is bad
A bookworm like me
except for running business
I won't have other choice
Come on eat now. YuanJia
I had been searching all the chef
from all the place
Come on and enjoy local
delicious dishes now
All right. come on now
You first. Master Huo
Who the hell are they?
-My name is XiaShan
-My name is XuDaShan
We're sincerely hope Master Huo
to take up us as your apprentice
We willing to do anything for master
All right
You look like good guys
Serve the wine
After drinking this cup of wine
we will be brothers
Drink it!
Congratulations. Master Huo!
Thank you. Sifu
Since we're happy today
All the bills are on me
All right
Come on. let's eat now
Little Chui. don't wait any longer
Its time to sleep
Come. take our young lady to her room
QingQing. lets go back to the room to sleep
My good child. listen to me
Its time to sleep now
Come
What is this flavour?
This is called coffee
Its a western thing
No used to this?
For the common people to
improve themselves
Then they have to learn
modern things from others
Just like me. even though I am a scholar
I can't just think about earning money
And for those who study WuShu
should never just think about
fighthing in the arena
National affairs are important too.
National affairs?
There are scholars like you to sort it out
I'm just a fighter
I just want to be No 1 in Tientsin
Is that really important
to be number 1?
Hey. come here
JingSun. you're always just a
spectator below the stage
Now that you're
up on the stage now
Do you feel any different?
What difference is that?
Once you're below stage
The Life and Death struggle on the stage
has nothing to do with you
And you're just a
spectator watching for fun
But once you stand here
You only allowed to win
Not to lose
Well then.
You're allowed not to go onto the stage
JingSun. listen
Listen to what?
I can't hear anything
I can hear it
You're our proud. Master Huo
Well done. good!
Good job
well done
Master Huo
Number 1 in the world
Iron head come now!
Thank you
Goodjob. master!
Hey. don't be bothersome
Whowever signed the agreement
can come on up together now
All the challenger
up the stage. now!
Huo YuanJia
When will you become No 1 in Tientsin?
And what do you think?
Well. today!
Is today!
What the hell are you all doing?
We willing do anything
for Master Huo!
All right. all right!
You are all good men
Serve the wine.
After this cup of wine
We will all be brothers
Come on. drink it!
Come on now
Congratulations. Master Huo
Thank you. welcome again
Master Yu
This is all the bill of Huo. boss
All right
Come on. drink now
Change to big
why didn't you drink it?
You haven't defeated
my father. Master Qin yet
Come on. drink it
YuenJia. you have already won
38 rounds consecutively
In Tientsin there are no more
opponents for you
That's not right
there's still one
Still have to fight?
To really be number 1 in Tientsin
I cant stop fighting
What about except from Tientsin?
When will you stop fighting?
I understand that too
But I can't stop. all I have to do
is just fight!
By fighting l prove that
I'm stronger than other
So what?
YuanJia
You should stop that for a while
just think that carefully
What is this?
This is bill for what your disciples
and friends have spent this month
Let me cover that
They're all just a mob
How many really treat you like brother?
This is a JiangHu matter
This is what we call personal loyalty
And this one...
All right
I'll clear all
this bill tomorrow
YuanJia
I didn't come for money
Acceptting disciples and friends
You should look for
their moral qualities too
Not just well they can drink
Be careful. Master Huo
Good morning. Master Huo
Good morning. Master Qin
Aren't you Master Huo
and No 1 in Tientsin?
What a coincidence
Master Qin
Long time no see
I thought you ...
The fact that disciples are turning up
to my door as plentifiul as the falling leaves
Is something I can not help
Oh. really?
And you prepared such
a large gift for yourself
Congratulations
You're welcome
This large present was actually bought
for you
Go help your master
Welcome. Master Qin
Master
Nevermind that your income
is not enough even for the family
The bills oweing from those
disciples are becoming more and more
And what about our amassment?
It was used up 3 months ago
Empty?
Master!
Fine. Fine.
I tell you to train properly
but no one listens
Who did it?
Master Qin!
Master!
Today is birthday of Master Qin
Wish Master Qin
will live long live
Well done!
Father
I sincerely wish you living long live
Good!
Let me serve you one. master
All right...
I sincerely wish you living long live
Master Huo
today is my father's birthday
he has booked out this resturant
If you came for a drink
could you kindly find another venue
Please. Master Huo
Shut your mouth
Hey
Today is my birthday
I don't want to fight. if theres anything
Lets discuss it another day
Like adults
You know it's shame
to hurt my apprentice?
I'm coming for justice today
And what do you want?
I've already signed.
if you dare. put your name down
Otherwise. bow down and
apologise to me
Get out of the way!
YuanJia
You're too much for this
Can't you just discuss that
in the other day?
I can't just put that aside
for my apprentice insult
No matter what
I won't allow you run wild here
I'm running wild?
-YuenJia
You're scared that
I'm going to destroy your restaurant?
I. Huo YuenJua will
pay for the damage!
I can't believe
what you just said
Leave now.
We'll just consider our friendship
of this many years. a wasted effort
We've been friends for years.
and you don't want me now?
The knife is blind
All of you. get out!
To avoid hurting the innocent
Come on. lets get go
Master!
Master win again!
Let's go and drink now
Drink now!
Be careful
Let me serve you a drink
Come on. again
Master are the most fearfulness
he is impossible
just look at him
Master Huo
Congratulate
You're no 1 in Tientsin now
But let me tell you
2 hours ago
Master Qin died
Huo YuanJia
When will you become
Tientsin No. 1?
Well. is today
Today
Huo YuanJia
Well. is today
No 1 in Tientsin
Is today
Mom!
Room of young lady
I'm the one who killed him
I take full responisibility for my actions
Take care. Mom
Tell Sifu.
what you have done.
Tell him!
- Sifu
I'm so sorry
Its all my fault
(he did something with
Master Qins daughter?)
That's why Master Qin punish me
Sifu
Since all the brothers know
I thought they would have
told you about it
Sifu!
He's got a fever
I go and get the medicine
After he takes it and sweats it out.
he will be fine
he will be fine. he will be fine
Go. go. go
- Go. go
He needs to rest. go. go!
When I was 13 years old
My vision started to deteriorate
In my eyes. there seemed to be
a fog that could not be lifted
At that time I cried every day
Grandma told me
when you're feeling unhappy
you should cry
After that. you need to move on
But in my heart. I can see things clearly
You believe it?
I'll help you wash your hair
After awhile. hair will start to get knotted
Wash it often and it will stay
smooth and clean
Grandma always says
People. should always keep clean
Only then can walk you walk
upright in this world
There are not many knots
that can't be unravelled
AhNiu
AhNiu. you can sleep so much
So I called you AhNiu
Come. come. come. follow me
AhNiu. you awake?
We go to catch dragonfly. butterfly
Tomorrow
You bring him go to the fields
to work. will be good.
Aah!
AhNiu
AhNiu. AhNiu. AhNiu...
Follow me. follow me
Go. come... come here...
You see. you're blind during the day
Aunt YueCi wont let us say anything
But she's helping you redo
Seedlings have life too
They can't stay too close
or it will hinder growth
Just like us humans
In life. we must respect each other
That way we can live
peacefully and happily
I'll remember that
Grandma. come. lets eat
OK
Grandma
YueCi
Ah. grandma
In a couple of days.
it'll be time to go to the gravesite
Go to the gravesite
to visit your parents.
OK
Grandma said. in a couple of days
i should go and visit my parents graves
Drink a little water
I would like to discuss something with
you
You're leaving.
I would like to go back once
to visit my parent's graves
Filial piety is important. you should go
I'll be coming back
You're been here for many years
I've known that one day you would
eventually leave this place
Actually I ...
These are a change of clothes for
your journey.  Please take it.
I haven't told you my name yet
You need not tell me
Where you came from.
or where you're going
I need not know either
I'm just want to remember you're AhNiu
My name is Huo YuanJia
I'll remember
1907. Tientsin
here's tasty food
- here's tasty food
Money. Money
Word of God is trust
Trust the God and get the eternal life
Really. really
His words are all in here
God's word is here
Huo YuanJia!
First in Tientsin
Huo YuanJia
Come back again
Huo YuanJia come back gain
Master... - Uncle LaiFu
You're back!
Let me do it. let me do it
Sorry. I didn't clean your home well
Master. sorry
I'm always thinking the day of Master
would return
Of the things in here.
nothing has been changed
It's been a burden on you
It's my job
Master
After you left. the creditors came
everyday chasing their debts
All the things in the house.
were taken by them one by one
In the end. they even wanted the
house to pay off the debt
All of the things in this room
were able to be kept
only because someone sent
a package of money to us
After much thought.
I believe the person who might
have done this is Master Fong
I don't need them any more
I believe my parents also don't want
to see these things again
Honorable Father
Only now do I understand.
that year on the stage
why you didn't deliver the final blow
You. are the the real First in Tientsin
Honorable Mother
You taught me moral values
Your son was too foolish
and didn't understand
Don't worry
I will not dissapoint you again
My child
I didn't look after you while alive
but instead brought a great misfortune
down on you
I'm not a good father
Madam. in the past I did something
unforgivable
Today come to pay my respects
to Master Qin
Mum! Mum!
Extra on newspaper!
Foreigner named Hercules
With 32 consecutive wins
25 contestants seriously injured (?)
He scorns the Chinese as sickly cowards
But no one dares challenge him
JingSun
I'm shame to you
There are many things that.
only after the fact.
does one realize that they were wrong
The wrong pains my heart
I don't want to mention the past
They're all over
JingSun
It hard for me to ask
But you're my only hope
I need to borrow some money
Still after the fighting competition?
Yes
I don't have you as a friend
Why should I lend you money?
Master
Boss Huo
This is a gift from my master
Who is you master?
He's NongJingSun
1909. Shanghai Racetrack
Ladies and gentleman
The person appearing for you today
can singlehandedly move a train.
with a single blow. can
punch a hole through the Great Wall of China
What bullshit
with his little finger. can squeeze to death
any chinese fighter
Sucker!
- Introducing
The strongman
Ao... bi... yine
The challenger of today
Huo YuanJia from Tientsin!
Good!
Sign the statement first
Tell him
Fighting to the death
Is bad culture from China
But we have another tradition
It is being compassionate
Nice!
Come on
Competition start!
All right
Good
Master well done!
You're kind
Thank you
Good
Knight from China defeats the American
fighter
"Huo YuanJia defeats Hercules
"Wushu of Huo YuanJia
All come along to him
"Huo YuanJia called together all the
wushu master"
"Shanghai Foreign Journalists Club"
Master. someone invite you
JingSun. I didn't expect is you
You still treat me as friend
I just can't forget you as a friend
I can't
Come. have a seat. YuanJia
I've prepared your favourite wine
Come!
What's the matter
I've given up
Its been many years now
You're the drunker that time
Its for the sake of righting the wongs
in my past
Good
Then. we'll use tea instead of wine
YuanJia
After that fight. you're
returned some face to our countrymen
The Westerners have forced us
to this postion
And there should be a Chinese
to stand up for us
As a friend
I'm happy for you!
Please try some.
JingSun
This time. when are you leaving?
Since I've come. I'm not leaving
How about your resturant?
I sold it
Sold it!
The business was very good. wasn't it?
You want to start the JingWu School
Without money how you going to organize?
But the restaurant business
is your everything
If compared with this burden
my little resturant business
is nothing
YuanJia
I'm not the kung fu man
I only got a little power
To get you success
This is according the content we discussed
See if it is to your satisfaction
JingWu society has 3 things
Educate body. wisdom and the morality
WuShu is a method to become stronger
No matter what school
With interchange other to improvement
health body. wisdom mind
People just can become stronger
Not allow me use the fist to harm the other
Not allow people abuse the WuShu
Virtue and morality as the base
Constantly strive to become stronger!
Ready!
Yuan Jia
The competitor this time...
Got 1 Japanese name TianZhongAn Ye
he like to meet you
I heard that he is the best of the best
Only fight with the best can we improve
Yuan Jia. this invitation from the foreign businessmen
I don't think its straightforward
If not how come let you...
1 person fight with 4 person?
I guess they try to use this
opportunity to lose our face
So that JingWu school becomes
powerless in Shanghai
Yes
not only 1 fight with 4. but without defeat
is not fair at all
But as we live
who can guarantee anthing in life
is going to be fair?
For JingWu School
I have no other option
But if...
Jing Sun!
I got something discuss with you
What is it?
After this
I want you to become the next president
Why?
I wanna make some time to visit YueChi
I've made a promise to them
So. as you say. you
really don't know your tea?
Not I didn't understand. I'm just
unwilling
I don't want rank the tea
As long as it's tea
it's fine with me
But this tea have it's discretion and
grade
What is good? What is bad?
They all grow in nature
Without any rank or distinction
It's seem you still not understand
Otherwise nature will determine a rank
Sir is right
So I found that
The superiority or inferiority of tea
Not from the tea
It's decide by human
Different people have different choice
I'm unwilling to choose this
Oh. why?
Tea just a frame of mind
If you're happy
It's important for the superiority or
inferiority of tea?
Oh. An Ye never thinking of it
According from Sir. there are faction of
wushu too
Really there are not superiority or
inferiority?
I think. it's right
Then. I would like remit to you
Since there are no superiority or
inferiority of wushu
Why still go along the competition in
wushu
I thought that there are no superiority
or inferiority of wushu
Just the distinction of person who ability
Through the competition we can
discovered that
And meet the true self
Because the indeed antagonist
Is namely is ourself
Only through competition.
can one recognise one's true self
Is it possible that mean
The worst fight is with oneself
I'm admire having a conversation with
you
Our motive today is taste the tea
Not just talking and forget taste the tea
Come. taste the tea
Taste the tea
"1910 .Shanghai"
"Theater Biarya. France"
'scene of the competition"
Ladies and gentlmen
The last fight of the day
TianZhongAn Ye from Japan
Versus Huo YuanJia from China
What's the matter?
One versus four?
Why don't you tell me before?
This consultation
We discuss before
You need not be surprised
Is this call competition?
This is murder
You're worry unnecessarily
Huo YuanJia is King of Arena
Outstanding person from all country
Today arrange was him...
San Tian
What are you?
This was honour of Japan?
Or just do it for yourself
For me martial art was important
Competition just because of win
Let's start
Yuan Jia
This competition for you was unfair
If you choose another day for the fight
I have no objections
I understand your good intentions
But I am already standing in this arena
There must be a conclusion
Please!
Start!
Good. very good
Master. too good!
This time no one was win
Waiting for next round
Both sides please prepare
San Tian. where did you go?
This time we will lose
I have arranged everything
Not need to worry!
Yuan Jian!
Stop!
What happen?
Tian Zhong. what happen?
Yuan Jia!
Tian Zhong
- Go
Yuan Jia. what happen?
How are you?
I'm poisoning
- Poisoning
how can be poisoning?
What happen?
What are you doing?
- Water!
Water!
What happen to the water?
Got poison in the water!
The proof got taken away already
Yuan Jia. let's go to hospital
Master. we go to hospital
I'm using much of my power
Too late. the poison is making
its way to my heart
Master. I will get revenge
Zhen Sheng!
What you should say is not
'I will seek revenge'
Hatred will beget more hatred
I don't want to see any enmity
The important was let's yourselves good
Yuan Jia
- Master
Yuan Jia. we don't fight again
I take you to hospital. let's go
- Jing Sun!
Jing Sun!
I'm just a fighter
I take many year just know
what was martial art
and what I can use martial arts to do
This competition not yet finish
People can't choose how the life begin
But must have the nerve until the last step
Master...
What about you?
What your mean?
You not need to asking so much
Don't care any manner just need to win
Constantly strive to become stronger!
Constantly strive to become stronger...
Don't fight
Life is important
Listen.
Living on is not for just one person to decide
If we must fight. I will not hold back
This is my honour
Master...
You lose! Huo Yuan Jia lose
Go! Go! Faster!
Go. go. and set out who was winner
Wait!
Huo
Yuan
Jia
Yuan Jia!
Huo Yuan Jia...
- Huo Yuan Jia...
Master
Huo Yuan Jia...
- Huo Yuan Jia...
Master!
Tian Zhong. you do like this
See what have you done
I'm lose!
Who say? Who saw it?
I saw by myself
I lose by sincerely convinced
You think who are you?
How can you decide?
San Tian
You're an embarrasment to the Japanese
Huo YuanJia died soon after in hospital
Aged 42 years
"After Huo Yuan Jia dead.
his heart still cement"
Untill today. the martial
art develop international
"50 country and places"
The end
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm